Now we have this form and we are able to send the request to vacant.
And when we send a request we are just having this URL right here.
We don't have the host part in this request.
So the development server of the application is running on this port localhost 4200 But the back end
application you find in the resources of this course is running on localhost, 80, 80 and make sure
you run that back, end the application.
We are going to use it.
But before let me show what's going on at the moment.
So opening the developer tools, let's clear the console.
Let's send the requests to this post.
End Point.
At the moment we are sending this request and we don't specify any anything about the host part and
the request is going to this local 4200 and is a response.
We are receiving this 404 not fund because again, this is being handled on the angular development
server and it is it doesn't know anything about this end point.
So it is returning this 404 not found.
So let's send this request to our back end and we can do it like this.
Just adding the host part to this URL.
It's a htp localhost.
And Port is 88 saving it.
Now the client is restarted, opening the developer tools once again.
The actual backend server has the validation and there are existing users.
So let's send a request and let's make sure we send a valid request and we send the request for a non-existing
user.
So first let's clear the logs here.
There are 25 users in backend and a username must be at least four characters.
Email is also must be an email correct email formatted and the password must be having eight characters,
one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, and one number.
So we have to obey these rules.
So like filling the form for user 30 zero 30 and mail com and password is containing all the.
Required characters.
Now let's send the request now in the network tab we see to request.
One is for the post.
The other one is for the options.
This option is sent because we are sending requests to localhost 88.
But the application is running, running on localhost 4200.
So the hosts are not matching and browser is trying to figure out if backend is allowing such requests.
So that's why it is sending these options and it returns success for that one.
The backend is returning success, so it's able to send this post request to the backend and backend
is returning the response with the user's ID and all the other fields of that user.
Now this is working in browser, but if you check the test console here, we can see the tests are failing
because in the tests we are not defining the host part.
Like we only look for the request to going to this API one zero users.
But now we updated the request in the application.
So the test is receiving whole URL.
Therefore it is saying there is no match here and the test is failing.
And the other thing is like we shouldn't be adding this host part to our application code because if
we do, then when we deploy the application, we must be updating these URLs accordingly.
So instead of having these values in the code, let's do something like this.
Let's, let's make sure we remove this host part again.
So we are back to the way it was and let's change the English Development Server behavior.
It has the proxy configuration and we are going to use that.
So in project folder, root folder.
Create a new file and let's call this one as proxy conf json.
And in this one, this is a json we will have.
Pat that this development server will be checking and that path will be starting with forward slash
API.
So whenever any request goes to this.
URL.
So like here we are sending API one zero users API and so on.
So this is going to be applied for all the URLs starting with this API and we are setting an object
for it and whenever we see this request.
They will be targeted to our backhand.
You should be local.
Host 88.
And your pecans may support HTTPS or HTP.
So like in those cases, we can set the additional configurations.
Like we can say this is a secure connection as true or false.
So this is not just for setting the target, but we can also set additional configuration for this one
as well.
So saving this configuration and we are going to update the START script right here in scripts.
We are calling this start with the end serve, but we are going to now tell it to use this proxy configuration
and we do that by adding two dashes, proxy dash config and the proxy config file which is proxy convert
JSON.
Saving it.
Now we need to stop and start the application.
And this is my terminal for the application, just killing this one and running in start once again.
Now we see it is running with this proxy configuration and just reloading the browser.
Here the application is opened.
Let's open the developer tools.
Now sending another request.
User 32.
User 22 ID Vehicle.
Password.
Now sending the request here we see only one request going and that is going to this local host, 4200.
But now we have the proxy configuration, which is proxy that requests to the back end.
And as a result we are receiving 200.
Okay.
With this new user's ID.
So with this way in the code, we don't have anything about the host URL.
We just configured the development server to proxy the request to the backend.
Now let's demonstrate this one once again.
So here in the browser, we are sending the request to this endpoint API.
Once users before the configuration, this request was going to this localhost 4200 and since it doesn't
know anything about this URL, it was turning back four or four not found.
But then we add this proxy configuration to it.
So after we send the request to this endpoint, again, the development server proxy that requests to
the backend running at localhost 8080 then the backend is returning 200.
Okay.
Then the angular server is processing that 200 OC back to us.
So that's how the proxy functionality is working.